The Joe Rogan experience. You would like the only thing they could top this,
for those who didn't see it, it's such a brilliant idea.
It was the eggnog drinking contest. And you had to do a double shot,
like it was bourbon, but it was eggnog like every 30 seconds. Well,
panel returning champion was pat from Monache who had diabetes and
lost the total. It already,
it was just sitting there and then he continued to drink it.
Oh yeah. To do the bit that you came up with. Oh, I mean,
there has to be like a, um, you know,
when like a broadcaster can get into the sports hall of fame, just because,
you know, he never played the game, but he like, you know,
because of what he added to it, I always said the pat menarche should have been,
like, they should have been like, like a, like a chick Hearn, Johnny,
most sort of award that he can with his,
his health continued to drink. I remember when,
when people posted that video, everyone was saying fake, this isn't real.
And that may be a joint real. I was like, no, that was real. I was there.
Plastic bags all over the ground. Remember they, they,
they put plastic everywhere,
all over the ground because they knew that people are gonna throw up.
They had the garbage can ready.
And then pat Duffy leans his head over the edge of the garbage can.
And then pat from will Knocky just here, come, you see him. Ah,
and then it keeps coming. It keeps coming like way crazier.
He just went, it just came out and then somebody kept shutting it off.
And every time, I mean, it was like, it is, I can't,
I can't watch them watch this. You know, I still can't tell the story.
If I tell it in detail, I start gagging.
Oh, see, fear factor killed all that in me.
I never I'll tell the one that makes me gag.
I start to gag is when there was the dude
watch it.
It was true. It was tremendous.
Do I say, I'll say it real quick. Just go through it easily.
You tear it up.
There was a dude who got knocked out. So then what he did was he started,
he puked into a pitcher,
he puked into a pitcher and then he was drinking his own puke,
trying to make the other people puked.
So then somebody dared this guy who had to take a swig from it.
And he had like this hipster Viking level beard, and he
can't do it. I can't do it. This is like 10 years later,
he took this Viking level swig. He just,
so he gave himself like kind of like a facial with it.
And then he puked into the pitcher, I think. And I remember it was in his beard.
There's a point in that podcast, in that pocket.
And in that show where I almost puked.
Yeah. Does the crazy thing about seeing so many people.
Bill's going to go bills. And I was like hanging on to the.
Yeah, we didn't realize that at the time,
but those are some of the greatest moments of our life.
In, uh, in my family. We've got some Ashkenazi bad genes. We,
we tend to die young. And my grandmother died.
My grandmother is actually only 15 years older than my dad.
And she died a few years ago, lost 10 years of her life. Horrible.
So we know what's going to happen in my family, probably to all of us with.
Your grandmother had your father when she was 15 years old, right?
Whoa. Yeah. Back in the early days of world war two,
uh, she apparently was playing around with her boyfriend.
She claims to be a Virgin, but at that point,
but something got somewhere that shouldn't have. And, uh,
it was during high school. Right. So I was raised by my grandmother.
She was in her forties when I was a kid.
And she was the one that taught me to always stay young, keep your, you know,
adults ruin everything. That's probably why I work on aging.
That's it? Adults ruin everything. Well, how,
what was her advice like in terms of like, why,
how do you avoid what adults are doing wrong?
Well, you know, she she'd, uh, grown up, uh,
during the depression and then world war two,
and then the communists came into Hungary and raped a lot of people. Uh,
she had no, uh, um,
she had had no respect for humanity. So by the time I came along, first of all,
she put all of our energy into to me. And I'm I'm, I was a spot bright as a kid.
So that, that was wasn't helpful to me. Uh, I think now as an adult,
uh, but more importantly,
she wanted me to do the best I could with my life.
She said, David, do what you can to make this world a better place,
make sure that you leave this place better than you found it.
And that's what I'm trying to do.
Wow. What a profound piece of advice for grandchild?
Uh, she, she was a rebel. She taught me forget the rules, right? Uh,
kind of like you do, it's, uh, I'm going my own way and we'll see how this goes.
She, uh, so she went to Australia, she said, Europe, I'm outta here.
She went to Australia. The furthest place she could find from Europe,
never went back. She went on Bondai beach, uh, in Sydney,
in a bikini, uh, which was rebellious. And there is,
she got taken off the beach by, by the police.
Which after where back then all the.
Full little British thing.
[Inaudible] would it, oh, down your knees?
I think. What did they look like? Maybe it was a full, uh, a one-piece, but you.
Want to show your belly?
That's what I think. But she was a rebel. She went to new Guinea, uh,
by herself in the sixties.
What year was this? Where she was wearing a bikini?
Uh, that would be 56.
Keeney in the fifties. Wow. Wow. Okay.
Like those pinup girls, right. When you see them,
they always had one piece suits on like, yeah.
So imagine new Guinea in the sixties, as a woman on her own,
up in the Highlands, she claims to have eaten human flesh.
And so she spent most of the time drunk as well.
Now you pay attention to like Boston dynamics and all these,
all these robotic creations that they've made.
Well, they seem to have a pensions for doing the really sinister looking bots.
Golf robots that are, you know,
anything that looks autonomous has kind of sinister looking.
I mean, you see the Japan. Yeah.
I mean like the Japanese have these like big guides rounded,
so it's a different, they're trying to trick us. Boston dynamics is,
I guess they want the Pentagon to give them funding or something.
Right. DARPA. Yeah. They look like they're developing terminators. Yeah. Yeah.
But, but what I was thinking is if we do
eventually come to a time where those things are going to war for us,
instead of us, like if we get involved in robot wars,
our robots versus their robots,
and this becomes the next motivation for increased technological innovation to
try to deal with superior robots by the Soviet union or by China.
Like these,
these are more things that could be threats that could push people to some crazy
level of technological innovation. Yeah.
It could. I mean,
I think there are other drivers for technological innovation as well. Um,
that, that seems so plenty. Um, strong, um,
commercial drivers, let us say, um,
that we wouldn't have to rely on,
on war or the threat of war to kind of stay innovative. Um,
and I mean,
there hasn't been this effort to try to see if it would be possible to have
some kind of ban on lethal autonomous weapons. Um,
just as, I mean, there are, there are a few,
there are a few set technologies that we have, like there is,
has been a relatively successful ban on chemical and biological weapons,
um, which by and large being, you know, uh, honored and upheld,
um, there, there are kind of treaties on nuclear weapons,
which has limited proliferation. Yes, there are now maybe I dunno,
a dozen, I don't know the exact number,
but it's certainly a lot better than 50 or a hundred countries. Um,
and some other weapons as well, uh, blinding lasers, um,
landmines, cluster munitions. And so, so, so some people think, man,
maybe we could do something like this with, um, lethal autonomous weapons,
killer bots that do we, is that really what humanity needs most now?
Like another arms race to develop like killer bots.
It seems arguably the answer to that is not. Um,
but I've, I've, I've kind of, uh,
there's a lot of my friends are supportive.
I kind of stood a little bit on the sidelines on that particular campaign,
being a launcher. Um, exactly what it is that w I mean,
certainly I'd think it better if we refrained from having some arms race to
develop these than not. And I've had.
For sightings myself quite vivid, the first one was in Martha's vineyard.
I was four in the morning. Uh, I got up to take a leak on the balcony there.
And I looked up in the sky and about a hundred thousand feet up.
I saw two glowing disks flying an echelon formation. You saw this,
I saw this. I was in my thirties. Yeah.
And so I go, I look up and I see these things and they're moving, man.
They're going from horizon to horizon 20,000 miles an hour. And I,
I I've been in an F five. I've had it in my hands.
I've been in a [inaudible] I know helicopters. I know aviation,
I know meteoric bowlines I know what's not a meteor. And what is,
I know what's a helicopter and what is,
I know what's the moon and Venus two glowing, glowing round objects,
a hundred thousand feet, maybe 20,000 miles an hour. They do doing,
because they went across the sky, like just in a zigzag formation.
So if I screamed at my wife, my friends, they got up,
the three of us saw it and I said, you know,
and they all knew it was something unusual. That was my first sighting. Okay.
Now who knows? Okay. Meteoric bull ride.
There are many people that can dispute that. That wasn't real,
but I know what I saw. I know what my friends saw. I know what my wife saw.
Those things were moving. They were glowing fast.
There were flying in formation and they were doing, uh,
enough speed to get from basically the right side of my eyes,
to the left side of my eyes from really fast. The second one was, um,
I was, uh, I was in a, so that's, so that's four. I count those two as two.
And then the, the, the, the second one that I saw. So the one, two,
the third one I saw, I was, uh, I was in Montreal, Canada,
and I was on the 23rd floor of the queen Elizabeth hotel.
And this would have been when we were doing patrol in Canada,
the patrol tequila promotion. And that was,
would've been in the early two thousands. And, uh, and I looked, um,
up and, uh,
beyond the window there and I saw this one,
it just looked like an air mattress turned over on its, you know, with,
with the, with the bubbles on the bottom, it was huge. It was 150 feet, long,
50 feet, wide gray. It was a gray rainy day in Montreal,
broad daylight. And here was this thing at the 23rd story of the hotel.
And I'm looking at it and it moves slowly down St. Catherine street.
And I'm thinking, where are the wires?
Where are the wires where it's gotta be a balloon. It's gotta be,
there's no Thanksgiving day parade here. What, what, what is that?
And my friends are with me. What is that?
And it come along and just parked outside the window. We looked at it,
big gray thing with these bulbs underneath,
and then it slowly turned and we saw the full length of it.
And then it went around the corner.
We ran out in the hall and we just watched a drift kind of sideways off over the
St. Lawrence river and disappear.